Update of readme file with information about onto-viewer requirements (#385)
edmcouncil/onto-viewer: README.md

<img src="https://github.com/edmcouncil/html-pages/raw/develop/general/assets/img/EDM-council-RGB_200w.png" width="200" align="right"/>

# onto-viewer

onto-viewer is an open-source Java application that provides a number of REST API endpoints to access the content of OWL ontologies. If run together with [html-pages frontend](https://github.com/edmcouncil/html-pages), it will visualise them as a web application.

# Table of contents

* [How to run onto-viewer](#how-to-run-onto-viewer)
	* [How to customise your ontology to be properly displayed by onto-viewer](#how-to-customise-ontologies)
	* [How to run it locally](#how-to-run-locally)
	* [How to run it using docker](#how-to-run-docker)
* [Contributing](#contributing)
  * [Development](#development)
* [License](#license)

# How to run onto-viewer

## How to customise your ontology to be properly displayed by onto-viewer

> 1. We require that all ontologies' IRIs end with '/' (e.g., https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Classifiers/) as per the recommendation from https://www.w3.org/TR/cooluris/.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. We require each _ontology IRI_ to follow the convention described in [Vocabularies that use a 'slash namespace'](https://www.w3.org/TR/swbp-vocab-pub/#slash), i.e. end with a forward slash character `/` (e.g., `https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Classifiers/`).
```
